CuraEngine(1) -- STL to GCODE converter
=======================================
<!--
CuraEngine.1.ronn - manual page for CuraEngine
Copyright 2014 Bas Wijnen <wijnen@debian.org>

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU Affero General Public License as
published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the
License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU Affero General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Affero General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
-->

## SYNOPSIS
`CuraEngine` [-h] [-v] [-m 3x3matrix] [-s <settingkey>=<value>] -o <output.gcode> <model.stl>

## DESCRIPTION
CuraEngine is a commandline tool for converting 3-D models to toolpaths used by
3-D printers, in particular RepRap and derivatives.  It is meant to be used by
the cura(1) gui, but can be used without it.

It does not support the use of a configuration file; all settings must be
specified on the commandline.

If not output file is specified, the standard output is used.

All settings are integer values, except for startCode and endCode, which are
strings.  Note that they should usually contain newlines; make sure to use
proper escaping to avoid the shell from parsing them.

The units that are used are:

  * Lengths are in micrometers.
  * Speeds are in millimeters per second.
  * Angles are in degrees.
  * Times are in seconds.

The following integer settings can be specified:

coolHeadLift, downSkinCount, enableCombing, enableOozeShield,
extruderOffset[1].X, extruderOffset[1].Y, extruderOffset[2].X,
extruderOffset[2].Y, extruderOffset[3].X, extruderOffset[3].Y, extrusionWidth,
fanFullOnLayerNr, fanSpeedMax, fanSpeedMin, filamentDiameter, filamentFlow,
fixHorrible, gcodeFlavor, infillOverlap, infillSpeed, initialLayerSpeed,
initialLayerThickness, initialSpeedupLayers, insetCount, layerThickness,
minimalExtrusionBeforeRetraction, minimalFeedrate, minimalLayerTime, moveSpeed,
multiVolumeOverlap, objectPosition.X, posx, objectPosition.Y, posy, objectSink,
printSpeed, raftBaseLinewidth, raftBaseThickness, raftInterfaceLinewidth,
raftInterfaceThickness, raftLineSpacing, raftMargin, retractionAmount,
retractionAmountExtruderSwitch, retractionMinimalDistance, retractionSpeed,
skirtDistance, skirtLineCount, skirtMinLength, sparseInfillLineDistance,
spiralizeMode, supportAngle, supportEverywhere, supportExtruder,
supportLineDistance, supportXYDistance, supportZDistance, upSkinCount,
wipeTowerSize.

## AUTHOR
CuraEngine was written by Daid.  This manual page was written by Bas Wijnen
\<wijnen@debian.org\>, for the Debian project (but may be used by others).
